---
title: "Битиќи: Ги поддржуваме компаниите да го развијат своето производство и
  конкурентност на странските пазари"
date: 2023-04-01T14:03:01.721Z
category: македонија
featured: true
featuredImage: ../img/itikibpoz.png.webp
author: Вардарски
---

<!--StartFragment-->

The Deputy President of the Government of the Republic of North Macedonia, Fatmir Bitici, visited the TECUP company in Tetovo, which produces paper and cardboard products. The government supports the company through the Law on Financial Support of Investments.

Bitici praised the company for producing high-quality, biodegradable paper cups for tea, coffee, juice, and ice cream. He added that the products are suitable for both the domestic market and foreign markets, such as Serbia and Italy.

The TECUP company is in accordance with ISO standards and the European Green Agreement, which is why the government supports it. Bitici stated that the government will partner with the company to invest in a new facility that will be 400 square meters and will include new production facilities.

The plan for economic growth aims to support companies like TECUP, and help them invest and develop their production and competitiveness in foreign markets.

One of the owners of the TECUP company, Shuib Veseli, expressed gratitude for the financial support, saying that it will contribute to the added value of the company.

The visit to TECUP company is a clear indication that the government is committed to supporting businesses that operate in a sustainable and environmentally friendly manner. The investment in a new facility will not only benefit the company but also contribute to the growth of the local economy.

<!--EndFragment-->
