---
title: "Мицкоски: Ковачевски е исплашен, бега од избори, од дебата"
date: 2023-05-17T00:01:45.160Z
category: македонија
featured: true
featuredImage: ../img/micko-za-kovacev-bega.jpg
author: Вардарски
---


They abuse the European Union to steal, and they are caught stealing alive. Apple has been caught intending to profit from a project worth several billion euros. And they make mistakes, that's why they panic, stated the president of VMRO-DPMNE, Hristijan Mickoski, at today's forum on the party's youth policies held in Kumanovo.

Mickoski pointed out that Dimitar Kovacevski is a scared man who does not have the courage to face the people, who runs away from elections, runs away from debate, who is afraid to submit his signed resignation.

* They are scared, even if the prime minister gives us lessons about his understanding of the slang for the word courage, which he says in a vulgar and undignified way. Beating one's chest does not make one brave and all this comes from a man: who runs away from serving in the Macedonian army, a man who runs away from elections and facing the people, a man who is afraid to submit his signed resignation, and constantly changes his mind. , a man who shies away from facing a public debate over parts of the 8 and 10 D corridors. He is not brave, he can only be one thing, and that is a coward. Escape and cowardice know that it will not save you from responsibility. We will defeat you, and then you will answer, said Mickoski.

Mickoski from Kumanovo told the authorities that he will pursue responsibility for the injustices done to the people and for any crime.

* Victory is on the threshold. We will defeat you and you will answer for every injustice done to this people. About the criminal rule of the main corporation in Macedonia Democratic Union for Integration and its subcontractor SDSM. For every destroyed chance, a tender in 4 eyes, for behaving like bosses over other people's lives. There must be accountability, catharsis of society, purification of the dishonest from the honest. A new restructuring of the decisive fight against crime, because they must not be stronger than Macedonia, we will not be stronger than the people, Mickoski pointed out.